Go through the content of the repository SMBC-1. I need to create an automation app for drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards. The app is to be designed to run on windows 10/11 systems. I tried doing it using the coding agent on app.trysolid.com. It was able to build the web app successfully with all the required functions but was not able it to generate .exe for windows installation. The file. The prompt given to app.trysolid.com is located in file prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt. The file also includes the initial detailed prompt given to Gemini 2.5 Pro on GitHub for creation of VBA code for automation of drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards. The final version of the VBA code is available in the file VBA_Module1.bas in the repository as well as in the prompt provide to app.trysolid.com. In addition you will find files named Schedule III.pdf/Schedule III.docx (format of Schedule III along-with minimum notes and disclosure requirements), Sample TB (Data for Testing), Folder named AS (contains Accounting Standards as per ICAI). These files need to be used for populating the requirements with respect to creating the notes required and the disclosures thereon. In the prompt for app.trysolid.com also the requirements have been stated, you can refer that and check if anything is missing there after going through the files yourself.
Pls note that the items in the groupings need to be mapped to the respective minor head and major head, likewise minor heads to be mapped to their major heads. If a user is adding item in the grouping then he should be required to select it's corresponding minor and major head, likewise for any entry in minor head he should be required to select the major head. This check needs to be sacrosanct otherwise there will be unmapped items. If the user uploads a Trial Balance and there are items under groupings/minor/major heads which don't exist in their list within the system, then he should be provided with list download of items not there and which need to be created first by way of upload or by adding manually 1 by 1. There should be import/export functions for uploading lists of Grouping/Major/Minor Heads, export of formula linked final financials, etc. All these are stated in detail sheet. Pls make a clear note of the licensing and operating functions from the prompt. I had also tried to debug the code generated by app.trysolid.com using GitHub copilot agent but failed due to spectacular lack of coding experience. GitHub copilot agent had created a masters instruction set which is also available in the repository, file named copilot-instructions.md.

Goal:
.exe file for Automation app for drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards for use in Windows 10/11

Tasks:
1. Read the files VBA_Module1.bas and prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt. and understand the automation aspects of the task, the initial prompts given to Gemini and app.trysolid.com
2. Identify the additional automation possibilities, checks and balances (which may not have been included so far by Gemini or app.tysolid.com due to restrictions in their coding abilities) on the basis of the files VBA_Module1.bas, prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt, Financials Automation.zip, Schedule III.pdf, Sample TB.xlsx.
3. I am Only providing initial prompt and not further discussions and resolutions of the issues, so there may be aspects in the files iterations of the VBA code as well as the codes in Financials Automation.zip which may be in addition to the initial prompt, pls do not remove any such function, for example user authentication, licensing system, database management, etc.. In case you face any issue with integrating them for the final windows app then pls discuss with me what should be done. Discuss only in case there is a downgrade proposed from the existing system in those files, in case of upgrades, you can straight away proceed.
4. Review the code files in Financials Automation.zip and identify issues in the code as I am not able to create the .exe file as per the steps provided in the file EXE Instructions.md. It keeps throwing one or the other error, resolve 1 get another. Do a thorough review of the code, the installations files, dependencies, etc. and actions listed at 1-4 so that the issues can be solved and updated made once and for all. 
5. I have no coding experience and would want you to make the .exe file
6. Run the sample TB in the application to ensure all the functions are running and not throwing errors.
6. Install all dependencies you may require for complete the task.

You can use any language that you evaluate fit for the task. I don't have any coding experience so won't be of much help. You can use sql/sqllite/postgres or any other for the db.

Keep this instructions in memory at all times so that unnecessary and uncalled for deviations don't happen.
